Add ansible project to awsome projects. (#40)
remnawave/panel: docs/awesome-remnawave/index.md

<div style={{ display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'center' }}>
  <img src="/awesome/remnawave-telegram-sub-mini-app.webp" alt="Remnawave Telegram Subscription Mini App" width="600" />
</div>
---

> ### Ansible playbook for instal remnaware

Author: Fixed

> This project for install remnaware via ansible.

Author: fixed

Author: [iphizic](https://github.com/iphizic)

#### Clone repo and change dir
  ```bash

>     git clone https://github.com/iphizic/remna-playbook.git

Reviewer: Please remove the spaces at the beginning of all code blocks

    cd remna-playbook
  ```

#### Now make Python .env:
  ```bash

>     pythhon3 -m venv .env

Author: fixed

  ```

#### Activate .env:
  ```bash
    source .env/bin/activate
  ```
#### Install Ansible and requirements:
  ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ansible-galaxy install -r requirements.yml
  ```
#### Make inventory and other vars
  Make inventory like inventory.yml.example in inventory dir
  In directory group_vars make all.yml like all.yml.example

> #### `Optional` Make somw user but not root

Author: Fixed

>    `!!!ATTENTION for start this playbook we need username like in Github 

Reviewer: For warnings you can use this special notation
:::warning
some text
:::

```suggestion
:::warning
For start this playbook we need username like in Github and all.yml 
:::
```

Reviewer: This translation is clearer:
```
To run this playbook, the GitHub username must match the username in all.yml
```

and all.yml`
   ```bash
     ansible-playbook prepare-playbook.yml -u root -k
   ```
   First question its root password

>    Second question its password for create user

Author: fixed
